a synagogue
the lancenet
to unilab
there is a leader who can both say
first you take the muqui line
the leader who dealt with lucaia bonocô may
crazy opened even better because it counted
the industry has ended badly and becomes more resilient
is a woman
of these common sewing but when
the fund saving groups
the very right leader
tazaki she can perfectly
The important thing is that now they have
the fund that must pass beyond a fine
no marine is found
a woman with these characteristics
first
the needle sector that pushed released to the end of the leader
in parallel
do not get beyond multiples right
and what are you going to do now?
You're going to roll in the wrong direction.
to the bottom of the island street
usually the staff of the 6 to 10 laps or give with six laps that something
minimum number of votes
duratex
the referee
I'm walking without asphalt but the idea is to be bagdá 10 hours there
you will create
it's the least we
needle bottom right
pulls
held the whole game
and will pull by the woman
in the opposite direction
right
put here
pulled
There she brings the line.
To here you pull the rest of the line
so that normal
and that ended more or less
pulled the problem
shot the keeper
and will tighten teaching
think of yourself using a glove
with pliers
with the icatú if you help pet tidy
pulls well
the medicine is expensive
this end of tightening up well on a single figure bike
at one end
in the other you pull to tighten ideally with the world
how to cut a hand
now where is the secret of this evil
obviously if you're pulling that line she'll run
right
What are you going to do you're going to finish the gentleman?
the line defour where there is no lament in the world
but you do it
the left panel
says that the common
will burn the end of the bottom line
however, that she has the head of employment with her head well outgoing
the more prominent but not
if you want to send in everything
I was confused head of black heavily
right
the next step is now the sixth sexiest
you
bring my land
point the burnt line at the bottom or
burned
right
she touched the omd in the little head that burned
on the bottom line
next step with the special partition with the court plus fine
You will cut in the shade.
in this line
right
the new start deal completely finished
the resistance of this evil
it is very good
Mourinho never had problems and lost three
due to this year
something very important in this new
I'll listen to him
we are very small it does not disturb
but it does not bother us when we give our pitches do not have that
problem
In my house we did not say that his name is very small.